# Git Practice
[Link Relating to Software Engineering](https://knowledge.kitchen/content/courses/software-engineering/assets/crosstalk-missed-expectations.pdf)

The data found in this article was both surprising but also reassuring to me. Colleges are not preparing students to be software engineers. Not only was technical ability subpar but also the ability to converse ideas or communicate with teammates and using repositories like git. We should put more focus on actually emulating how software engineers actually work and have more classes like Software Engineering in all schools to help with the change from school computer science and work computer science.
>There were five categories in which the knowledge deficiency was identified in newly hired recent graduates, even after the company made an effort to identify them during the interview process: oral communication, written communication, testing, problem solving, and the ability to self-manage.

##Comment by Jiahua Liao
I did not find the material in the article too surprising because I always felt that the CS major provided in most universities are not that up to date to the rapid advancement of the industry. Like the professor mentioned, if students are expected to become software engineers, there should be a specific major set for that, because computer science is just as vague as setting a subject called natural science or social science.  For students like us who are still at the stage of university, we should not only focus on the course work, but also work on potential skills that could make us more competitive as a candidate.